- My only main question is regarding the problem that is stated in
 Eq. 4: is it true that ONE vector v has to be selected, or are
 there some of them? In the first case, the problem is indeed
 restricted to Z^3, in the latter case it will be Z^{3l} where
 l is the number of v's that have to be chosen.
 
 In the first case, the domain will consist of bx10x50 = 500b
 elements. From Table IV I see that the max. value of b is
 30, leading to a domain consisting of 15,000 elements.

 Instead of an exhaustive search, we will use 12 individuals for
 30 generations. Counting 3 times the number of the population size
 to obtain the new population, we can roughly estimate the number
 of function calls by 1,000 for a DE run. That is, we have a saving
 of a factor of 15. Is that correct?

 We may leave the text as it is, but will have to discuss that
 in case one of the reviewers will ask for it.
 
 Another issue is that reviewers might ask why we have chosen for
 DE. In the worst case, they might ask for comparisons against
 other EAs. Also here, we can wait for the comments and see what we
 have to do. But we shall be prepared for this request, as we will
 have little time for the preparation of the revision.

In what follows are my comments on other issues, mainly typos and
suggestion for rewording. All minor.

- title: maybe it is better to write Aircraft EngineS (plural)

- page 2, col. 2, line 12: "as follows:"

- references to tables and figures are incomplete

- page 4: we mention the Appendix. Not sure about the page limit of
 this journal. We have a submission to another IEEE journal, and
 there the limit is 11. That is, we have to put all this into
 a supplementary file. Maybe we will have to do the same here.

- page 4, col. 2, line 17: raging --> raNging

- page 5, line 10 of Sec. III.C: maybe we change "the intervals are integer"
 to "where all variables are restricted to integer values"

- page 5, col. 1, line -4: "the optimization problem" --> "this
optimization problem"

- Algorithm 1: in the input, v is now defined as vector in Z^n, I think
 this is a mistake

- page 7, line 12: better write DE without brackets, as else the
 reader could think that DE is the acronym for evolutionary algorithms.

- page 9, my description: best to have it analog to the description of
 JQ. Please add
 He serves as Editor-in-Chief of Mathematical and Computational
 Applications by MDPI. His research interests include the design
 and analysis of numerical and evolutionary optimization algorithms.

